okay this is a song that your banjo
friends will ask for and I had a request
for this song too to show you how to
play it on the fiddle this is um cripple
creek and it's starts in the UH the open
oh one two three two one oh now into the
eighth string three two three two three
two three open two three on the a string
the Lexx line 3 2 1 of 3 then again one
of three two one you walk back up to the
three
I usually go back and play that uh that
be open to do that twice through then
the course so that's um slide into that
first finger a Oh three two one oh three
one oh that three one I was on the D
string then again the next fine one one
on the a strings in D open
and again the third a little bit of that
is go back to the third finger D there
instead of D opening and then in it the
same way we ended the day part 1 2 or 3
so it's here guys
you can grab that be down there go up
cripple creek going around going up kept
repeat to have a little fun going up
cripple creek going in a world on up
this is my girl all right let's play
with some music